Make Otlp exporter configuration environment variables specs-compliant (#974)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-cpp: exporters/otlp/README.md

auto exporter = std::unique_ptr<sdktrace::SpanExporter>(new otlp::OtlpHttpExporter(options));
```

### Configuration options ( OTLP GRPC Exporter )

| Option       | Env Variable |Default          |   Description  |
| ------------ |---------------|------------ |----------------|
| `endpoint`   | `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_GRPC_ENDPOINT`    |`localhost:4317` | The OTLP GRPC endpoint to connect to |
| `use_ssl_credentials` | `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_GRPC_SSL_ENABLE`  | `false`  |  Whether the endpoint is SSL enabled |
| `ssl_credentials_cacert_path`  |  n/a | `""` |   SSL Certificate file path |
| `ssl_credentials_cacert_as_string` | `OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_GRPC_SSL_CERTIFICATE` | `""`  |   SSL Certifcate as in-memory string |

> Note: These env variables names are not same as in [specification](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/v1.0.0/specification/protocol/exporter.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: These environment variable names are not same as in [specification](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/v1.0.0/specification/protocol/exporter.md).
```

And there is no plan to remove them when the support for environment variables as required by specification is added.

### Configuration options ( OTLP HTTP Exporter )

| Option       | Env Variable |Default          | Description |
| ------------ |-----|------------ |------|
| `url`   | n/a    | `http://localhost:4317/v1/traces`  | The OTLP HTTP endpoint to connect to |
| `content_type` | n/a  | `application/json`  |   Data format used - JSON or Binary |
| `json_bytes_mapping`  |  n/a | `JsonBytesMappingKind::kHexId` | Encoding used for trace_id and span_id |
| `use_json_name` | n/a | `false`  | Whether to use json name of protobuf field to set the key of json |

> | `timeout`  | n/a  | `3000 ms` | http timeout |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `timeout`  | n/a  | `30000 ms` | http timeout |
```
https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-cpp/blob/main/exporters/otlp/include/opentelemetry/exporters/otlp/otlp_http_exporter.h#L70

Author: good catch :)
